generator.py
============

```Usage: python generator.py <#tags> <#persons> <max tags per person>``` 

Generates a file with `#persons` lines where each line contains the `tags` of that person. Each line has at most `max` tags.

seat.py
=======

```Usage: python seat.py <#tables> <min #persons per table> <max #persons per table> <generator file> <0=wcnf,1=pwcnf> [-complete_pwcnf]```

Takes as input the file generated by `generator.py` and prints the corresponding encoding using the specified configuration. The generator file should include enough persons for the problem not be trivially unsatisfiable.
Without the flag -complete_pwcnf the script produces a pwcnf with the number of variables and clauses in its last two lines. With this flag the complete pwcnf file is produced.


gen_pwcnfs.sh
=======

'''bash gen_pwcnfs.sh'''

Generates pwcnfs n_instances for the seating assignment problem using the scripts above.
Script's variables:
- n_instances - number of total instances the user wants
- tags_min - the minimum number of tags each instances can have
- tags_max - the maximum number of tags each instances can have
- data_dir - the path to the output directory where all the pwcnfs and instances will be put.
- persons_min - minimum number of people per instance
- persons_max - maximum number of people per instance

This script creates 20 parallel processes running with different minimum and maximum number of people per instances. Hence, in the end, these two variables will take values from 20 (resp. 25) to 80 (resp. 105).

PWCNF filename explanation:
e.g s87-p30-tgs6-mt2-tabs10-4-6.pwcnf
Which means that the instance has 30 people, 6 different tags, max 2 tags per person, 10 tables and a minimum of 4 and max of 6 people per table. 

